how is it going everyone my image
visuals are welcome to yet another
awesome see players episode people that
watch the video data uploaded yesterday
will know which player will be featured
in this episode if you haven't checked
at video I highly suggest you do so i
scored a 36 goals with em I scored a
40-plus yard free-kick has got a
scorpion Kick with him and another nice
Foley so if you haven't checked the
video I suppose I will leave in link in
description below for you to check that
video out without further ado the player
that will be fixed in this episode will
be Jonathan llegar is Belgium place in
the Russian league he's right footed and
he played 25 games we scored 18 goals
that's quite a nice blanket for a right
wing I bottom quite expense because I
convert them from a right mid to a right
wing and I've and while I bought him on
the most popular formation in the
Russian league 4 3 2 1 so I bought them
for 4.3 k but you can probably snatch
one for around 2.5 k on right myth and
all right bring I'm not really sure but
you can also convert them yourself
because those costs aren't really
expensive like what 1.3 k or something
so that's perfectly affordable anyway he
has 93 pay 70 shooting 65 passing 74
dribbling at 67 adding only free shot
skills that's a bit of a bummer but
first our weak foot he has awesome free
kicks but also powerful kicks him as
particularly he is extremely suitable
for pace abusing the Russian league and
Generals really nice for page of using
the only problem that I have with him is
that he plays in not a most notorious
league and nation he's from Belgium and
pays in the Russian league so you'll
have to have a Belgium team like I have
or a Russian team like I said before
rushing team it really pays abusing so
if you're looking for a good silver team
a good suggestion is a Russian league
team because they're really fast and now
the status on the on the stand on the
market you can see right made silver
bells universally terek grozny buying a
maximum price 2.6 k and we can find one
page full of junk town the guards on
various formations the c-4 for one more
three four one two one four four four
two you'll probably have to look later
in the evening because I'm looking quite
early in the morning so I there are lot
less auctions in the market at the
moment but
if you're looking at evening for British
and what American users you will
probably find a lot more but that's
already the end of this episode if you
liked this video give it a like rating
as it does help me out follow me on to
that the link up in the description and
subscribe have no ready until the next
time p sub i like to thank you guys for
watching also a one more one more thing
that I wanted to say tomorrow i will
upload a tutorial of how to convert more
corners it would also be a really short
video in like one or two minutes long
you will find out tomorrow why it's too
short and probably the day after or well
the first day i will upload to brief you
on the purple balotelli so you have
something to look forward to any weight
test the end till the next time p sub i
know the figure is watching again